Fix #4411 Doc updating with Background selector functionalities (#4417)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

* **Click** on the <img src="../img/+.jpg" style="max-width:80px;" /> button to add a new service.

<p style="text-align:center;"><img src="../img/new_service.png" style="max-width:500px;" /></p>

The Service manager window opens, where the user can start to insert the informations related to the new service:

* **Type** the URL name (e.g. `http://tms.comune.fi.it/geowebcache/service/wms`);

* **Select** the Type of the service (e.g. *WMS*);

* **Type** the Title (e.g. *GeoPortal of Firenze*).

> In addition to basic informations, the user can costumize the Service with other useful parameters: Search on selection, Preview and Image format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to basic information, the user can customize the Service with other useful parameters: Search on selection, Preview and Image format.
```
